What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
>> git creates a hidden directory to store metadata it needs for version control. This way git can save offline updates to the repository. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
>> staging area is a list of files you want to commit, thus you can keep working on multiple files on the same working directory however just commit logically dependent files by adding just those files to the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
>> You can keep adding and commiting various files with the logical changes you want to commit. The staging area resets after each commit and thus you can create a new staging area and commit. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
>> when you want to try out some new changes to the code but not make them official yet, however keep the original branch going with needed fixes. This helps to keep the new features/radical code changes to a branch ( which can be merged later ) and keep the master clean till we are ready to commit those changes. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
>> the graphical representation does help understand how different branhces work, reachable commits from those branches and unreachable commits. It also helps organize and understand various branches in the code repository better.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
>> it merges all the changes from one branch to latest commit from another branch. This uniquifying two branches and creating a single branch from them, using which all the preious commits from both branches are accessible. The diagram helps us better picturise that. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
>> gits automatic merging is very conservative and thus does not merge any complex changes, but it does help with simple changes which can be
   easily merged thus saving time. Alayws manully merging files will be very time consuming and also error prone.